docs: update Olares One USB reinstall guide and add bootable USB guide (#3039)
beclab/Olares: docs/one/create-drive.md

# Reinstall Olares OS using bootable USB <Badge type="tip" text="15 min"/>

Reinstalling Olares OS returns your Olares One to a clean initial state.

:::warning Data loss
This will permanently delete all accounts, settings, and data on the device. This action cannot be undone.
:::

## Prerequisites

- A monitor and keyboard connected to Olares One.
- A bootable USB drive for Olares One. You can use either:

  - **The included USB drive.** It may contain an earlier OS image, depending on when your device was shipped. You can still use it to reinstall the system, then update Olares OS after activation if needed.

>   - **A new bootable USB drive.** To install the latest OS image directly, create a new bootable USB drive for Olares One. For detailed instructions, see [Create an Olares One bootable USB drive](create-bootable-usb.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The bootable USB drive that came with Olares One.
 
   :::info Installed OS version
   The OS image on the included USB drive may be an earlier version, depending on when your device was shipped. You can still use it to reinstall the system, then update Olares OS after activation if needed.

   If you need the latest OS image, create a new bootable USB drive from the [Olares One ISO](https://cdn.olares.com/one/olares-latest-amd64.iso). For detailed steps, see [Create an Olares One bootable USB drive](create-bootable-usb.md).
```

Reviewer: The current version treats two situations parallel but they aren’t equivalent. The included USB drive is the default path for most users, and creating a new drive is a conditional alternative.

# Reinstall Olares OS using bootable USB <Badge type="tip" text="15 min"/>

Reinstalling Olares OS returns your Olares One to a clean initial state.

:::warning Data loss
This will permanently delete all accounts, settings, and data on the device. This action cannot be undone.
:::

## Prerequisites

### Hardware

- A monitor and keyboard connected to Olares One.

### Installation media

- A bootable USB drive for Olares One. You can use either:

   - **The included USB drive.** It may contain an earlier OS image, depending on when your device was shipped. You can still use it to reinstall the system, then update Olares OS after activation if needed.

   - **A new bootable USB drive.** To install the latest OS image directly, create a bootable USB drive from the [Olares One ISO](https://cdn.olares.com/one/olares-latest-amd64.iso) using a tool such as [Balena Etcher](https://etcher.balena.io/). For detailed instructions, see [Create an Olares One bootable USB drive](create-bootable-usb.md).

> 

Reviewer: Too many links in one paragraph. Consider paraphrasing it.

  :::warning Use the Olares One ISO only
  Do not use the standard self-hosted Olares ISO. Otherwise, your device will be recognized as **Generic** instead of **Olares One**, and some Olares One-specific features may be unavailable.

>   :::

Reviewer: This part breaks the current style for Olares One docs. Consider to align it first.

>   :::

Reviewer: This is awkwardly placed because it is more relevant to another doc. Consider removing it.

## Step 4: Complete activation via LarePass

You can then activate Olares One again via LarePass. For detailed instructions, see [First boot](first-boot.md).

> ## Step 5: Check for system updates

Reviewer: You can still make this step optional.

> If you reinstalled Olares One using the included USB drive, the installed OS version may not be the latest. After activation, check for system updates in LarePass.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The included USB drive may install an earlier OS version. After activation, you can update Olares OS in LarePass. For detailed steps, see [Update OS](update.md).
```

## Step 4: Complete activation via LarePass

You can then activate Olares One again via LarePass. For detailed instructions, see [First boot](first-boot.md).

## Step 5: Check for system updates (optional)

The included USB drive may install an earlier OS version. After activation, you can update Olares OS in LarePass. For detailed steps, see [Update OS](update.md).

> For detailed instructions, see [Update OS](update.md).

Reviewer: Duplicate

## Step 4: Complete activation via LarePass

You can then activate Olares One again via LarePass. For detailed instructions, see [First boot](first-boot.md).

> ## Step 5: Optional: Update Olares OS

Reviewer: This title has two colons.
